# lyra

Lyra is a proof of concept that reimagines social media as a platform that emphasizes connection and community –– not popularity metrics, mindless consumption, or superficial comparisons. For millenia, we have looked up at the stars for spiritual and directional guidance. We have a natural inclination to make connections amongst ourselves as did the ancient navigators and astronomers when they defined constellations among the stars. As the world becomes more driven by social media and algorithms, our social networks are prone to lacking the authenticity and sponteneity necessary for fulfilling relationships. Social media platforms are driven by likes, view counts, and user retention metrics for the purpose of maximzing ad revenue. The focus is on content consumption, regardless of whether the content is negative, inauthentic, or lacking in deeper meaning. In trying something new, Lyra seeks to make the aspect of building connections –– defining constellations amongst ourselves –– its primary feature. Rather than focusing on likes, follower counts, or encouraging you to scroll through an infinite amount of addictive content, Lyra focuses on the quality of the connections. Constellations are defined not by the number of connections between constiutent stars but by the quality of the them. They represent unique stories authentic enough to be passed down for generations. These are the types of relationships we seek for in life. Social media should help faciliate them.

Lyra is built with React + TS
